Summary of Today's Work
1. Project Setup and Database:
You created a MySQL database called evidence_db using XAMPP.

We discussed the required tables for your project (users, cases, evidence, audit_logs, roles, user_roles, optional).

You confirmed your tables are created in MySQL with no password on root user.

2. Spring Boot Configuration:
You shared your application.properties with correct MySQL datasource URL, username (root), and no password.

Dependencies in pom.xml were reviewed to include JPA, MySQL connector, security, MongoDB, etc.

We confirmed the setup should allow your Spring Boot app to connect to the MySQL database.

3. Build Tools Issue:
You tried to run mvn clean install but your system did not recognize the mvn command.

You confirmed Maven was not installed on your Windows system.

I gave you a detailed manual installation guide for Apache Maven on Windows, including:

Downloading Maven binary zip.

Extracting it to a folder.

Setting MAVEN_HOME and updating Path environment variables.

Verifying Maven installation via mvn -version.

4. Current Status:
You have downloaded Maven but have not completed the setup yet.

You need to finish the Maven manual installation and verify it works.

Once Maven works, you will be able to run:

nginx
Copy
Edit
mvn clean install
Then you need to rebuild your IntelliJ project and Invalidate Caches / Restart to make sure IntelliJ picks up all changes.

Where We Stopped:
You are at the Maven installation step.

Next step is to complete Maven setup on your Windows machine.

After that, run mvn clean install to build the project.

Then Invalidate Caches / Restart IntelliJ to refresh the IDE environment.

Project Progress Estimate:
Stage	Status	% Completed (Approx.)
Database design & creation	Done	20%
Spring Boot project setup	Done (basic)	25%
Application properties & dependencies configured	Done	20%
Maven build setup	Partial	10%
Code development (Entities, Repositories, Services)	In progress	15%
Security and authentication	Planned	5%
UI / Frontend integration	Planned	5%
Testing and Deployment	Planned	0%

Next Steps for You:
Finish manual Maven installation on your PC.

Open a new terminal and run mvn -version to confirm Maven works.

In your project folder, run mvn clean install to build the project.

In IntelliJ IDEA:

Go to File → Invalidate Caches / Restart → Invalidate and Restart.

Continue coding your entities, repositories, and services.
